Yeah.
The veterans are too excited to think about contributing to the country
What the hell
world
The world is reluctant
Why do you also know how to send money to others?
So suitable
Acting is a broken promise
It is expensive to dislike
Send money to send women
make peace
Not even a eunuch
After all, it's someone else's woman who cares, right?
Let's say no back pain
Hot summer, this waste is too deceiving
There is good news
What's the good news in the hot summer?
That trash prince soon called Poison Fa unconscious
At that time, Donggong will avoid chaos
The seriously ill emperor has a concubine there
What shall we do then?
They wouldn't do anything.
Hahaha
Okay, great.
The old man is going to skin him
Pumped his tendons
Cut off his head
City Gate
Let everyone know what he did once
Zhao Ke Lao can stay in the palace at will
Then the bodies of his father and son can be given to Jin Yuan
Hey, good kidney, good kidney
At that time, Jin Guoguo will be in serious danger
Think of me
It has been confirmed in the period of waste prince
The old man has practiced
To experience a military overthrow
I will teach you all the procedures for the whole family
All men are eunuchs